Review fixes for MASTG-DEMO-0x57 and MASTG-BEST-0x41 (#3809)
OWASP/mastg: tests-beta/ios/MASVS-PLATFORM/MASTG-TEST-0x57.md

## Overview

If the app does not mask text input fields that contain sensitive data, such data may be visible to bystanders (shoulder surfing) or captured in screenshots and screen recordings.

This test statically analyzes the app binary for references to text input APIs and checks whether the app configures input fields to mask sensitive text entries. In iOS, masking replaces typed characters with bullet characters using the following settings:

> - In `UIKit`, this is done by setting [`isSecureTextEntry`](https://developer.apple.com/documentation/uikit/uitextinputtraits/issecuretextentry) to `true` on a `UITextField`.

Reviewer: This needs a MASTG-KNOW-xxxx article, even if short.

- In `SwiftUI`, this is done by using [`SecureField`](https://developer.apple.com/documentation/swiftui/securefield) instead of `TextField`.

Example for UIKit:

```swift
let passwordField = UITextField()
passwordField.isSecureTextEntry = true
// Alternatively, toggling the property
textField.isSecureTextEntry.toggle()
```

Example for SwiftUI:

```swift
SecureField("Password", text: $password)
```

!!! note
    This test may produce false negatives if the app uses custom text input controls that do not rely on standard classes such as `UITextField` or `SecureField` (for example in custom UI frameworks or game engines, or if text entry is handled through nonstandard abstractions that prevent reliable observation of input traits at rest).

## Steps

> 1. Use @MASTG-TECH-0065 to reverse engineer the app.
> 2. Use @MASTG-TECH-0072 to look for references to APIs that create text input fields and modify their visibility attributes.
> 3. Use @MASTG-TECH-0076 to analyze the relevant code paths and determine whether sensitive data is stored in the input fields.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Use @MASTG-TECH-0065 to reverse engineer the app.
2. Use @MASTG-TECH-0066 to look for uses of the relevant APIs.
3. Use @MASTG-TECH-0076 to analyze the relevant code paths and determine whether sensitive data is stored in the input fields.
```
